B kosis use cases (#133)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/use-cases/object-detection/sparsifying.mdx

  --recipe zoo:cv/detection/yolov5-s/pytorch/ultralytics/coco/pruned_quant-aggressive_94
```

> - `--weights` indicates the model with which to start the pruning process. It can be a SparseZoo stub or a local path to a model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--weights` indicates the checkpoint from which the pruning process should start. It can be a SparseZoo stub or a local path to a model.
```
